Adding `meta_desc` to blogs (first batch) (#1499)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/code-deploy-and-manage-a-serverless-rest-api-on-aws-with-pulumi/index.md

title: "Code, Deploy, and Manage a Serverless REST API on AWS with Pulumi"
authors: ["donna-malayeri"]
tags: ["JavaScript","Serverless","AWS"]

> meta_desc: "Build a simple REST API that counts the number of times a route has been hit and implement using API Gateway, Lambda, and Dynamo DB."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Build a simple REST API that counts the number of times a route has been used; implemented with API Gateway, Lambda, and Dynamo DB."
```
